👉Touch - The #1 All-In-One Marketing & Sales Funnel Software

YOUR ENTIRE BUSINESS ON 1 SINGLE PLATFORM


Get Started For Free

✓ Cancel Anytime ✓ No Questions Asked ✓ Setup in 30 seconds

Watch The 2 Minute Demo
⏸️
🔇

0:31 / 2:12
SALES FUNNELS MADE SIMPLE
Pre-built Plug & Play Funnel Templates For All Types Of Businesses And Offers
Get a 30 day free trial, then try out our plug & play templates and see how fast you're able to launch.



FEATURES

Turn Leads into Customers—Automatically
Our AI-powered sales automation doesn’t just track leads; it actively engages them with personalised, human-like conversations—24/7.

AI-Driven Sales Assistant
Never lose a lead again! Our AI calls prospects, answers FAQs, and books appointments in real time.

Smart Follow-Up Sequence
Automated follow-ups through calls, texts, and emails, ensure  no opportunity slips through the cracks.

FEATURES

Customisable CRM Integration
Sync seamlessly with CR8OR’s built-in CRM or integrate with your existing tools for a streamlined workflow.

Get early access



FEATURES

Smart Chat Unification
CR8OR AI seamlessly integrates Phone, SMS, Email, Facebook Messenger, and Instagram in real time, ensuring a streamlined and optimised buyer journey at every touchpoint.

Call Recording & Analytics
Get insights into customer interactions for better conversions.

Dynamic Appointment Scheduling
AI books and manages your calendar automatically.

Get Started For Free

✓ Cancel Anytime ✓ No Questions Asked ✓ Setup in 30 seconds


ONE TOOL TO RUN YOUR ENTIRE BUSINESS
Finally cancel all the other expensive tools you're overpaying for
Imagine how much you'll get done when you don't have to worry about the tech part, and you can just focus on serving your customers instead.

Not to mention how much money you're saving on monthly software subscriptions when you only have 1 fee of $99/m to run a business that can generate $100k/m+ and beyond.

Get your free account today and test it out for 30 days and experience the power yourself.

Get Started For Free

✓ Cancel Anytime ✓ No Questions Asked ✓ Setup in 30 seconds

WHAT YOU CAN REPLACE
Time To Cancel Your Expensive Tools And Just Use Touch CRM
Save thousands per year, and save yourself a headache, with our simple funnel set ups


UNLIKE ANY OTHER SOFTWARE
Everything You Need To Scale In 1 Simple Software

Websites
Create your website and instantly stand out with a professional modern design.


Sales funnels
Launch all your sales funnels with order forms, upsell pages and automated follow up.


Blogs
Write and publish blog posts that rank on Google to increase your site traffic for free.


Automations
Automate your workflows, delivery and follow up systems in one place.


Pipeline & CRM
Manage your leads and scale with predictability with the pipeline and CRM feature.


Appointments
Create your calendar, set your availability and start booking more calls to close more deals.


Forms & Surveys
Create your lead forms, application forms, onboarding forms in 1 simple place.


Online Courses
Launch your own courses so you can scale without trading time for money.

PRICING MADE SIMPLE
Test It Free For 30 Days
Touch - Start
$97/mo

Unlimited funnels

Unlimited phone calls

Unlimited SMS messages

Unlimited funnels

Unlimited automations

Unlimited forms

Unlimited calendars

Unlimited pipelines

Unlimited leads

Start Now

Setup in 30 seconds

Cancel Anytime

Support Included

Get Started For Free

✓ Cancel Anytime ✓ No Questions Asked ✓ Setup in 30 seconds

Frequently Asked Questions

Why is CR8OR different than other funnel or website builders?

Great question! At CR8OR we believe there's 3 things you need to be successful: The tools, the trainings and the proven templates.



As someone who's been in this game for years and worked with the biggest names in the industry, we've seen what works and what doesn't.



So not only are we able to offer a great software where you can run your entire business in just 1 platform, but we're also able to support you with trainings, templates and our CR8OR Community.

What do I get when I sign up for the 30 day free trial?

You wouldn't buy a car or a house without first entering and checking it out, so we're big believers in giving you the same chance with a marketing and sales software as well.


The moment you sign up, you get access to some of our best trainings, templates and tools that helps you actually make money with our software.


Only then when you're inside, can you make an informed decision if you want to stay or if you want to cancel, which you're able to do inside your account any time within your 30 day free trial.

Is this a white label of HighLevel?

Great question, CR8OR is built on a proven platform called HighLevel (GHL) that's been growing rapidly over the last couple of years. The reason we decided to partner with GHL is their laser focus on product development, with the goal of always being people-focused and product focused first.


Whilst HighLevel provide the tech, we provide the service and bespoke solution engineering ensuring you have a white glove experience that works perfectly for you.

How much does it cost to send out emails and SMS messages?

The emails and SMS costs depend on how many you send per month, just like most of the marketing softwares out there. We don't control the costs, as this is a white label partner software, but we're also not charging anything extra so we don't make any money from you sending emails and SMS.

Emails:


£10 will get you about 14,105 emails, and you're not charged for just having a lot of leads, only when you do actually email them. We recommend you mix value-based emails with promotions and this cost will quickly be earned back from your marketing efforts.



Phone:

£10 will get you about 680 calls, 1123 inbound calls or 1205 messages, which should result in a big return of investment when you market to your leads and customers.

What if I get stuck or need help with something?

We totally understand that tech can be an issue sometimes, so we wouldn't expect you to manage everything yourself.



Our support team is here to help whenever you need help with something, as well as the CR8OR Official Facebook Group where you can post any questions and get instant clarity on all things CR8OR. For further questions, email us at james@cr8or.co.uk